Move from Sinks to Inputs and Outputs (#65)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/Overview.md

## Introduction

> AMWA IS-11 specifies how Sources, Flows and Senders within an NMOS compatible system can be reconfigured and EDIDs of Outputs associated with Receivers can be obtained.

Reviewer: This should also state that receiver capabilities are required, that effective EDID of input can be obtained, etc ...

Author: ```suggestion
The purpose of AMWA IS-11 is to provide a mechanism by which to configure Sources, Flows and Senders using information from Receivers. Receiver provides Receiver Capabilities and exposes its Outputs each of which may have EDID. Sender has Media Profiles, which restrict media formats allowed for sending, and Inputs each of which may have an effective EDID to present to its upstream media producing unit.
```

The terms 'Node', 'Device', 'Sender' and 'Receiver' are used extensively in this documenation set. The [NMOS Technical Overview](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos/main/docs/2.0._Technical_Overview.html) provides an outline of these terms, and IS-04 provides corresponding schema definitions.

### Input

> An input of a Sender. Input is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].

Reviewer: Should it says also "A media consuming unit associated with IS-04 Sender."

Author: ```suggestion
A media producing unit associated with an IS-04 Sender. Input is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].
```
Yes, but maybe _producing_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A media producing unit which may be associated with one or multiple IS-04 Senders. Input is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].
```

> A media producing unit which may be associated with one or multiple IS-04 Senders. Input is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].

Author: ```suggestion
An Input is a unit consuming media data for providing it to Sender(s). Input may present metadata about media consuming capabilities to its upstream counterpart. Input is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].
```

### Output

> A media consuming unit associated with an IS-04 Receiver. Output is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A media consuming unit which may be associated with one or multiple IS-04 Receivers. Output is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].
```

> A media consuming unit which may be associated with one or multiple IS-04 Receivers. Output is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].

Author: ```suggestion
An Output is a unit producing media data provided by Receiver(s). Output may consume metadata about the media consuming capabilities from its downstream counterpart. Output is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].
```
